you're telling me there was something
wrong with
was made a quick 300 yards from the
finish she hit the stretch and just
quick turns out she sucked up there you
know a couple gallons of air get trapped
up in there and she cramps up but she
can't run very uncommon the working men
of God's pocket are simple men they work
marry and have children and until
recently they died like everyone else 22
year old construction worker was killed
yesterday when he slipped and fell to
his death Leon Hubbard didn't slip on
nothing something happened to Leon over
that job something nobody's told us yet
I'll see what I can find out Jeannie's
got some idea that something else
happened on that early aren't those
hoping you can ask around for make me
you want me to tuck this out I just want
to make Jeanne fielder
i'm richard shellburn of The Daily Times
I'm so sorry for your loss
bill Mick the body messed up it's just
the back of his head
[Music]
what I did has nothing to do with you
why you got to worry about is making
sure that everything is alright and then
you get your money mr. Shelburn I need
to know what happened to my boy please
[Music]
goodbye his body in the street Mickey
Leon was in the truck with the meat he
was separated from the meat I knew that
would upset you
I've been writing the story of this city
20 years I love this city
s-stupid fed all day in a double
tell your thumbs too often you get none
you're getting blood all over your pants
[Music]
you